Fix docs: regarding max_clause_count (#14900)
crate/crate: docs/config/node.rst

  | *Default:* ``8192``
  | *Runtime:* ``no``

  This setting limits the number of boolean clauses that can be generated by
  ``!= ANY()``, ``LIKE ANY()``, ``ILIKE ANY()``, ``NOT LIKE ANY()`` and
  ``NOT ILIKE ANY()`` :ref:`operators <gloss-operator>` on arrays in order to
  prevent users from executing queries that may result in heavy memory
  consumption causing nodes to crash with ``OutOfMemory`` exceptions. Throws
  ``TooManyClauses`` errors when the limit is exceeded.

  .. NOTE::

>     Resolve ``TooManyClauses`` errors by increasing this setting. The number of

Reviewer: I think it reads better:
```suggestion
    You can avoid ``TooManyClauses`` errors by increasing this setting. The number of
```

  | *Default:* ``8192``
  | *Runtime:* ``no``

  This setting limits the number of boolean clauses that can be generated by
  ``!= ANY()``, ``LIKE ANY()``, ``ILIKE ANY()``, ``NOT LIKE ANY()`` and
  ``NOT ILIKE ANY()`` :ref:`operators <gloss-operator>` on arrays in order to

>   prevent executing queries that may result in heavy memory consumptions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  prevent users from executing queries that may result in heavy memory consumption
```

  causing nodes to crash with ``OutOfMemory`` exceptions. Throws

>   ``TooManyClauses`` exceptions when exceeded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ``TooManyClauses`` errors when the limit is exceeded.
```
From a quick look we don't use `exceptions` in docs as this is Java specific and we prefer the more generic: `errors`.

  .. NOTE::

    Resolve ``TooManyClauses`` exceptions by increasing this setting.

>     Guesstimate the value starting from the fact that

Reviewer: I wouldn't mention anything about a formula, I think something like this:
`the number of boolean clauses used can be larger than the elements of the array`
is enough.
